Let him Let him do whatever the heck he
wants to do. He doesn't need a lecture,
a schedule, guidance on how to treat you
right. You're not his mom, and you need
to stop telling him what to do. Instead,
sit back, enjoy your life, go for walks,
buy yourself flowers, go to the cinema,
meet your friends, sit back and observe.
What is this man doing without your
guidance? And you know why? Because a
man that is always on your leash will
never ever reveal his true character.
So, if he is disrespectful, amazing. If
he likes pictures from other women,
let him Let him do Let him come home at
3:00 a.m. super drunk. Let him cheat on
you. Let him put in no effort into the
relationship. Let him do whatever he
wants to do, and then decide if this man
is a great fit for you. Is this the type
of man you want to marry? And if not,
great. Cut him off.